[keyboard clacking]
PSYCHICS
[narrator] The Spirits and Such homepage
was surprisingly well-received.
That resulted in more and more new clients
with legitimate requests
for investigations and exorcisms.
-[scroll wheel clacking]
-[mouse clicking]
[narrator] But, in hindsight,
some of these new opportunities
were jobs that never should've been taken
in the first place.
[music concludes]
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive ♪
♪ The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
ONE DANGER AFTER ANOTHER
~DEGENERATION~
[pensive music playing]
A curse, huh?
Well, that's not exactly what we do here.
Sorry, but you're gonna have
to ask someone else.
-Thanks for coming in.
-You're a psychic, aren't ya?
Come on, buddy, don't be like that.
I'm begging you! Slam a curse on this guy!
-Yeah, that's not happening.
-[man] Damn it!
Come all the way down here
and you treat me like this?
Well, look,
we didn't ask you to come, you know.
[man] What?
How dare you say that to me!
[Mob] He's ready to fight.
-[man grunting]
-Okay, okay, I'll do it.
-Now don't pop a blood vessel all over me.
-Seriously?
[chuckles] I can't thank you enough.
But only this once, you got it?
And I won't be held responsible
-for what happens.
-[gasps]
-[pen lid pops]
-[inhales sharply]
-[man] Huh?
-[sighs]
Keep this talisman with you at all times.
CURSE
You kidding me?
[Reigen] Do not shun
the powerful magic, my friend.
If you keep it with you,
someday, something will happen.
I won't ask for money,
but I will ask that you tell no one
what took place here today.
Look, I believe you,
but if I find out you're lying…
-[dramatic musical sting]
-…then I will put a curse on you.
[sighs] He's finally gone.
I kind of understand how it feels
to hate someone so much
you'd wanna curse them, though.
-Do you have someone like that?
-[Reigen] No, not really.
-So, what about you?
-Someone I wanna curse?
-[tense music playing]
-Hmm.
[Reigen chuckles] Hey, you don't have
to think about it that hard.
-[gasps]
-No, I guess not.
Don't do that!
You scared the hell outta me!
[Mob] But are you sure about
what you did with that guy a minute ago?
It's fine, I just made the whole thing up.
It won't really bother anybody.
-[Mob] Are you certain about that?
-[suspenseful music playing]
[Mob] I mean, even if it's a lie,
in his mind, he still managed
to put a curse on somebody.
He might spend
the rest of his life thinking it's real.
Doesn't the thought of that scare you?
[Reigen] Mob?
That's pretty rare.
He almost never speaks up
about what he's thinking.
Something about what happened here
really bothered him.
Am I missing something?
-[cell phone ringing]
-Uh.
-[cell phone beeps]
-Spirits and Such Consultation Office.
So this is the place, huh?
[woman] At first, I just thought
it was some creepy stalker.
-So I called the police.
-[exhales softly]
But now… now I don't think
it's a human at all.
It was there! I saw it peeking
through the window at me!
-Oh, yeah?
-[suspenseful music continues]
-[breathes shakily]
-[gasps]
[dramatic musical sting]
SEASONING MOVING CENTER
[cardboard ripping]
This is the fifth floor,
and there's no veranda.
That is weird. Dimple, are you here?
-[whooshing]
-Yeah, what's up?
Go take a look outside at this window.
-See if there are any rope marks…
-[gasps]
…on the roof too.
Why am I helping you again?
If you see any evil spirits,
eat 'em, all right?
Hey, Mob, are you feeling anything?
-Yes. It's a small presence, but…
-[whimpers]
Nothing. I don't see
a damn thing out here.
Hey, don't shut the window
on me, ya jerk!
But everything she's describing
sounds exactly like a stalker.
Why would a ghost be interested
in a living woman?
-You got any insight on this?
-No, not really.
It's pretty uncommon for spirits
to have any sexual desire.
We couldn't reproduce if we wanted to.
[Reigen] Is sexual desire
always a part of love, though?
I… I really don't wanna talk
about this with you.
Yeah, well that makes two of us, ya freak.
-[objects rattling]
-[yelps]
-Hold on. Is this a poltergeist?
-What do we do? Maybe I angered it!
It's throwing a fit
because I called an exorcist here!
Hmm. Feels like it stopped.
[eerie music playing]
[screams] Outside the window!
[screams] I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Leave me alone!
[Reigen] Mob, get rid of it.
Wait a minute. That's a living person.
So it is a stalker! [grunts]
Damn! The bastard disappeared.
[ghostly whooshing]
[both gasp]
He's in the next apartment!
-[gasps]
-Huh?
[doorbell ringing repeatedly]
[mumbling] Who are these people?
I… I didn't do anything wrong.
I'm sorry I left my body
to peek inside your apartment, okay?
I couldn't help it.
I fell madly in love with you
at first sight!
-[gasps]
-[neighbor] I've never felt
like this before!
I didn't know what to do.
I'm at a loss here.
[breathes shakily]
[neighbor] But either way,
it's gonna happen.
-[energy humming]
-[neighbor] I'm gonna be her boyfriend!
-Huh?
-Don't get in my way, or I'll kill you!
-You die!
-Enough, you dirty little peeping Tom.
-[neighbor grunts]
[both grunting]
[neighbor] Violence is wrong!
Don't hurt me!
-I'll call the police, you bastard!
-What is this guy's problem?
-It was all my fault!
-[yelps]
I'll never do it again! Sorry!
I'm sorry! Please, forgive me! [sobs]
My love for you is real,
you gotta believe me. Please. Just…
-Just… [sobbing]
-Your love is "real"?
Gimme a break! It's really creepy,
that's what it is, stalker!
-[gasps]
-[siren wailing]
[sighs] Can't believe I was scared of him.
He tried to blame all his creepy stalking
on a supernatural phenomenon.
Don't get any ideas, kid.
-But, why?
-Hmm?
-[somber music playing]
-Why do we treat them so differently?
It could be a person, or a spirit.
[Reigen sighs] Poor Mob's got a lot
on his mind today.
I'll talk to him later.
Okay, guys, let's head on home,
maybe eat some soba.
[yawns]
-[Mob] Okay.
-[music concludes]
-Oh! There they are.
-We've been waiting for ya.
They just keep on coming,
one after another.
Three clients in a day.
This internet thing is pretty awesome.
[pensive music playing]
We wanna do something
really unforgettable before we graduate.
So we thought like, "Why don't we go
to a well-known haunted place
and take a photo together?"
[female student] But we don't want
anything bad to happen.
[Reigen] They just wanna have
some fun, huh?
Nothin' wrong with that.
All right, when and where?
Right now, dude!
We got a car parked outside.
[Reigen]
So this is our future workforce, huh?
[engine revving]
[Reigen] I thought you said we'd be there
in 20 minutes.
It's been over 30.
I meant 20 minutes
from when you last asked me.
[Reigen] We might not get that soba.
-So are you, like, his assistant?
-I just work part time.
Part-timing at the exorcist's office.
-That's crazy! How much do you get paid?
-[Reigen] Mob!
-Huh?
-[Reigen] Stay focused.
We need to be ready
for anything, understood?
-Right.
-[male student 1] Whoa, sounds serious!
[students laugh]
[male student 2] We're here.
-[male student 2] Oh, yeah.
-[male student 1 chuckles] Yeah.
-Whoa, this place is freaky!
-[male student 2] I am so pumped.
[female student] You guys,
-I am so excited!
-[male student 1] This is totally scary.
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[Reigen] Any spiritual activity?
-[Mob] Maybe a little.
[Dimple] But not enough
to make this a popular ghost spot.
[Reigen] Okay, guys, the coast is clear.
Take that photo.
-[male student 2] Sure thing.
-[wood creaking]
Get ready! Say cheese!
Wait, would you mind taking this for us?
[Reigen] I'd love to say no,
but they're clients, so…
Right. Say che--
[female student] Oh!
Make sure the flash is on.
-[Reigen] Say cheese.
-[all] Cheese!
-[camera shutter clicks]
-[music concludes]
All right. Let's go.
My apprentice has school in the morning.
-Sure. Thanks for your help.
-Thank you.
Thanks for everything.
So, about my payment,
will it be cash or credit card?
-Huh? Payment?
-Huh? Are you being for real right now?
-Yes? It was a job.
-[soft rock music playing]
Nothing happened! Only thing you did
was complain about the drive
and take a picture.
Do we seriously have to pay you
for all the nothing you did?
-That's, like, fraud or something!
-Yeah, fraud or something! Ugh!
[engine starting]
So they refused to pay
and they're leaving us out here?
That's just perfect. So what now?
[Reigen] Guess we'll have to get back
to the road and try calling a taxi.
-No soba for us.
-[music concludes]
[grunts] Hmm?
-[engine rumbling]
-[tires screech]
[indistinct chatter]
-[crows cawing]
-[pants]
[Sugimoto] Hey! Hey, kid!
You ignoring me? Hey!
[footsteps approaching]
Stop walking so slowly.
You're breaking my stride, man.
Listen, can I borrow some money?
[Mob] What? I don't have any.
-Why are you so nervous?
-Could you bring some tomorrow, then?
-Huh?
-[bully] You heard him, punk.
-[both chuckle]
-[tense music playing]
-[laughs hysterically]
-Sugimoto, what are you…
-[groans]
-Hey! What's wrong?
[Sugimoto mumbles indistinctly]
[bully] Why the hell
are you taking your clothes off?
-[Sugimoto giggles] I'm an angel!
-[ethereal music playing]
Sugimoto.
-[Mob] Dimple, stop it!
-[hisses, meows]
-[Mob] Just leave him alone!
-[music concludes]
-[Sugimoto grunts]
-What's going on?
Have you lost your mind?
What the hell was that?
What happened to me back there?
Let's start this over!
[grunts] Hey, kid!
You were laughing at me, weren't you?
What? No, I wasn't!
Shut up!
Now, don't you know how this works?
I'm bullying you for your mon-- [gasps]
-[chokes, grunts]
-[bully] Sugimoto!
-[groans]
-I'm fine. There's no need for this.
So just let him go. Okay, Ritsu?
-[chokes]
-You sure?
-He seems like bad news to me.
-[gasps]
You're acting weird today, man.
What's your problem?
[Sugimoto breathes heavily]
[tense music playing]
[whimpers, gasps]
You making trouble
for one of our club members?
-Huh? Hey, who are you people?
-[Musashi growls]
Surrounding me, huh? What's up with that?
Fine! You wussies want a fight?
I'll kick all your asses!
Hey! Don't push me like that!
Get off me! [grunts]
Whoa! Stop it!
I can't move my arms! Cut it out!
Uh, guys? No need to fight.
I'm fine, okay?
-Yeah, you're right.
-[music concludes]
[bully] Sugimoto!
We'll get you guys for this, damn it!
-You sure you wanna let 'em go?
-[Mob] Yeah. Thank you, though.
You need to learn you have
to fight back sometimes.
Otherwise, they'll just bully you
even more.
[Mob] But I can't think of a way
to do that.
You could use your shadow leader powers
and kick their asses.
There's no need for brother
to waste his abilities
on a couple of thugs like that.
If they come back here,
I can deal with them.
Yeah, punishing the bad guy
could be a good thing for those boys.
It wouldn't be too bad
for society, either.
Next time, deal with them yourself.
You have the power to, right?
[exhales]
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
[nail clipper clicks]
[Reigen] A ghost showed up
in your photo, huh?
-[mysterious music playing]
-Yeah.
We're freaked out
and not sure what to do, so…
Just throw some salt around.
I'm not running a charity service here.
We're sorry about before!
Whatever you want, we'll pay it!
Hmm. You have my attention.
Look, you can see the ghost,
clear as day.
We want you to go back to that spot,
find that thing, and get rid of it!
[wood creaking]
It's so much easier
to just exorcise the photo itself.
-No point in going back.
-Yes, there is!
Just knowing something like that exists
is creeping us all out!
Get rid of it!
Take it all the way, huh? A full exorcism?
Let me go over our course pricing.
[male student 1]
We'll take the most expensive one.
[suspenseful music playing]
You're going out there again?
That man keeps wasting your time.
Still not mad, huh?
[footsteps approaching]
Whatever you can do, please, just do it.
-Um…
-[breathes shakily]
[gasps]
There are three of them,
but they don't seem like bad spirits.
Well, the clients are scared,
and they're paying for our services.
Get rid of them.
[father spirit] Please. Don't.
[eerie musical sting]
[father spirit] Because the three of us
are a family.
We only had a few short years together
before we died.
But now that we're spirits,
we can continue to exist peacefully
in this place.
We've done nothing wrong.
-We just want to spend…
-[sighs]
…a little more time together as a family.
Once we've had that,
I promise you, we'll disappear.
So please, let us remain in peace.
Master. Did you hear anything he said?
[Reigen] Nope. Not a thing.
Their, uh, aura was too weak.
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[Mob breathes shakily]
Look, there's no need to exorcise them.
They say they won't do anything wrong.
And they're a family.
[female student] Hey! We hired you
for a specific purpose! Remember?
It creeps me out
just knowing they're here!
It doesn't matter
if they do anything wrong or not!
We said we'd pay for it, so do it!
[female student] Get rid of them already!
[male student 2] I don't even
wanna be out here anymore!
[female student] I'm so freaked,
I'm gonna hurl!
Come on. What's the hold up?
You've gotten rid of all kinds
of evil spirits before.
These aren't evil.
They only want to exist in peace.
And I don't wanna take that away
from them.
It's not right.
Listen, we don't care
how you feel about it.
We hired you for a job,
so just do it, okay!
-Uh…
-Hey, mister!
We came to you
because we desperately needed your help,
did you forget?
The clients' needs do take priority
in these situations.
[Mob gasps]
[Reigen] But if spirits are every bit
as worthy of respect as the living,
and if all they're doing is simply
existing in this place peacefully,
then barging in and evicting them
by force like this is wrong.
I don't wanna make Mob
do something like that.
[sighs] But these people
are really terrified here.
What am I supposed to do?
As a professional,
can I put ghosts ahead of my clients?
Hey. Mr. Ghost, listen.
You've got some power stored up
you've been keepin' a secret now,
don't you?
-[Mob] Dimple?
-You've been savin' that power as a way
to try and protect your family, right?
Then how about this?
Why not just kill these idiots
where they stand?
Think of it this way, if the clients die,
then there'll be no reason
to get rid of you.
-[groans]
-[wind blowing]
-[Dimple] You wanna stay here, don't ya?
-[father spirit groans]
[Dimple] Come on!
It's the only way you can!
[wind dies down]
[gasps]
[mother spirit] Honey.
[child spirit] Daddy.
[father spirit] Please. I beg you.
Let us go.
I could never do something so awful.
Not in front of my child.
[Dimple] I see. Then what will you do?
[father spirit] We have nowhere to go,
so we're at your mercy.
If you want to cast us out,
we'll have to accept that.
But if you do,
at least send us somewhere
we can be together,
as a family.
[Reigen] Mob?
Are the spirits still talking to you?
-[teeth chattering]
-[tense music playing]
-Mob, what are you--
-Yo. What's the holdup here?
Gimme a minute, all right?
Say something, Mob.
He doesn't wanna do this so badly
that he's shaking.
[Reigen] No kidding.
Okay, got it. We'll leave them alone.
I'm not ordering you
to do anything, all right?
Everything is fine.
I trust your feelings on this.
Me too. Take it easy.
You can finally relax.
You've got a strong heart, Shigeo.
-[Mob] You don't understand, I'm sure…
-Hmm?
[gasps]
I'm sure that I'm the only one
who possibly could.
I mean, there's no way I can act
on my feelings alone.
I can't take this lightly.
If I decide I wanna protect this family,
it might not stop there.
Who knows?
Protecting them could lead
to the clients getting hurt.
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-Why is this taking so long?
You're the boss! Just make him--
[students yelp]
-[female student whimpers]
-[grunts] What is this? Salt? Ugh!
[Reigen] There ya go. Exorcism's over.
[male student 2] What? Wait, seriously?
But I never saw any ghosts, like--
-[dramatic musical sting]
-It's over.
Uh, okay.
-[Reigen scoffs]
-Reigen? So what's gotten into you?
[Reigen sighs] So that's it.
How did I not notice?
[melancholic music playing]
[Reigen] He can do things
that other people can't.
The world he sees
is far greater than ours.
Curses, spirits.
They're all part of his daily life.
Both humans
and things that aren't human
are equally close to him.
Damn it.
I took on too many jobs,
got lazy and half-assed things.
This is on me.
We're leaving.
-Wanna get some soba?
-[Mob] Yeah.
-[footsteps receding]
-[music concludes]
[Dimple] You sure about
how you handled that?
You just threw fistfuls of salt
around everywhere, said that was it,
-and took their money.
-What else was I supposed to do?
If I didn't take their money,
then they'd be suspicious.
Anyway, you confirmed
they weren't evil spirits, right?
Yeah. I tried to talk them
into turning evil,
-but they weren't having it.
-[somber music playing]
[Dimple] What's with the shaking?
-[yawns]
-[music stops]
You're yawning?
Man, you're a piece of work.
Huh? Hey, it looks like
there's something on your back.
-What?
-[Dimple] Oh, yeah.
Somebody definitely cursed you.
What happens if I ignore it?
If you let it go unchecked, who knows?
You might slip
on a banana peel or something.
That could prove fatal
if I was on the stairs.
Get rid of it.
No. Sorry, I don't think
I like your attitude.
[Reigen] Come on.
I can't ask Mob to do it.
That client from yesterday probably
hired someone who could really do the job.
[scoffs] Fine, whatever.
[slurping]
[Reigen] There are things
he may know about that we can't see.
Really scary things the rest of the world
may never come face-to-face with.
[narrator] Mob understood
that what he fears,
what he shirks from,
the trials and tribulations he faces,
are different than those
of the rest of the world.
[water ripples]
[Mob] If I wanted to use my powers
to curse someone…
or use them to commit crimes
or wrongdoings of any kind…
if I ever thought I wanted
to get rid of a living, breathing person,
and not just a spirit…
[heavy footsteps thudding]
…would anybody be there to stop me?
[narrator] Mob sat there
and tried to think about everything
that had happened over the past two days.
But he may have been too tired,
because he quickly went to sleep.
MOB
["Memosepia" playing]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] We were invited over
to a rich guy's mansion. Oh, man!
I smell a big job.
Let's make some money, Mob!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode four, "Inside ~Evil Spirit~."
A video streaming service?
Obviously an excellent decision!